docs/hybrid-mode-pki (#2199)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/2.1.x/hybrid-mode.md

* Easiness of management, since an admin will only need to interact with the CP nodes to control
  and monitor the status of the entire Kong cluster.

## Configuration Properties

Hybrid Mode introduces the following configuration properties:

Parameter | Description
--- | ---

> `cluter_listen` | List of addresses and ports on which the Control Plane will listen for incoming Data Plane connections. Defaults to `0.0.0.0:8005`.

Reviewer: Is cluster_listen required or optional?

Author: optional

> `cluster_control_plane` *required* | Address and port that the Data Plane nodes use to connect to the Control Plane. Must point to the port configured using the `cluster_listen` property on the Control Plane node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cluster_control_plane` *Required* | Address and port that the Data Plane nodes use to connect to the Control Plane. Must point to the port configured using the `cluster_listen` property on the Control Plane node.
```

> `cluster_mtls` *optional* | One of `"shared"` or `"pki"`. Indicates whether Hybrid Mode will use a shared certificate/key pair for CP/DP mTLS or if PKI mode will be used.  Defaults to `"shared"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cluster_mtls` *Optional* | One of `"shared"` or `"pki"`. Indicates whether Hybrid Mode will use a shared certificate/key pair for CP/DP mTLS or if PKI mode will be used.  Defaults to `"shared"`.
```

> Some new properties are used differently between "shared" and "PKI" modes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following properties are used differently between `"shared"` and `"PKI"` modes:
```
Since it won't always be new.

 
Parameter | Description | Shared Mode | PKI Mode
--- | --- | --- | ---
`cluster_cert` and `cluster_cert_key` *Required* | Certificate/key pair used for mTLS between CP/DP nodes. | Same between CP/DP nodes. | Unique certificate for each node, generated from the CA specified by `cluster_ca_cert`.

> `cluster_ca_cert` | The trusted CA certificate file in PEM format used to verify the `cluster_cert`. | *Ignored* | CA certificate used to verify `cluster_cert`, same between CP/DP nodes. *Required*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cluster_ca_cert`*Required in PKI mode* | The trusted CA certificate file in PEM format used to verify the `cluster_cert`. | *Ignored* | CA certificate used to verify `cluster_cert`, same between CP/DP nodes. *Required*
```

> `cluster_server_name` | The SNI Server Name presented by the DP node mTLS handshake. | *Ignored* (uses `"kong_clustering"`) | The CP node will verify that it matches the Common Name (CN) or Subject Alternative Name (SAN) of the node certificate in `cluster_ca_cert`. *Required for DP nodes.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cluster_server_name` *Required in PKI mode* | The SNI Server Name presented by the DP node mTLS handshake. | *Ignored* (uses `"kong_clustering"`) | The CP node will verify that it matches the Common Name (CN) or Subject Alternative Name (SAN) of the node certificate in `cluster_ca_cert`. *Required for DP nodes.*
```

> `cluster_server_name` *Required in PKI mode* | The SNI Server Name presented by the DP node mTLS handshake. | *Ignored* (uses `"kong_clustering"`) | The CP node will verify that it matches the Common Name (CN) or Subject Alternative Name (SAN) of the node certificate in `cluster_ca_cert`. *Required for DP nodes.*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`cluster_server_name` *Required in PKI mode* | The SNI Server Name presented by the DP node mTLS handshake. | *Ignored* (uses `"kong_clustering"`) | The DP node will verify that the certificate presented by CP matches the Common Name (CN) or Subject Alternative Name (SAN) of the configured `cluster_ca_cert`. *Required for DP nodes.*
```

Author: so i had it backwards.... what about the last part "required by XXX nodes"  is it DP or CP?

Reviewer 2: I missed it completely, that should do it.

We should still change the wording in the middle though, it's the DP node using this information, CP ignores it.

* Easiness of management, since an admin will only need to interact with the CP nodes to control
  and monitor the status of the entire Kong cluster.

## Configuration Properties

> Hybrid Mode introduces the following configuration properties:

Author: done!

- `cluster_listen`: List of addresses and ports on which the Control Plane will listen
for incoming Data Plane connections. Defaults to `0.0.0.0:8005`.
- `cluster_control_plane`: Port on which the Data Plane nodes will attempt to connect

> to the Control Plane. Must contain the `cluster_listen` value that was configured in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to the Control Plane. Must point to the `cluster_listen` value that was configured in
```

The `cluster_control_plane` and `cluster_listen` values are likely not exactly the same, so "point to" may be more appropriate.

the Control Plane node. *Required*.
- `cluster_mtls`: One of `shared` or `pki`. Indicates whether Hybrid Mode will use a
shared certificate/key pair for CP/DP mTLS or if PKI mode will be used.  If set to
`shared`, `cluster_cert` and `cluster_cert_key` must be configured and specify the
same certificate on CP and DP nodes.  If set to `pki`, these should specify different
node certificates, but a common CA certificate should be presented via the

>  additional `cluster_cert` and `cluster_server_name` settings. Defaults to `shared`.

Reviewer 2: This is not exactly correct. The same CA certificate should be used in `cluster_cert`, but `cluster_server_name` is only needed on DP nodes and should corresponds to the Common Name (CN) or Subject Alternative Name (SAN) of CP's certificate.

> - `cluster_cert` and `cluster_cert_key`: Certificate/Key pair used for mTLS between

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster_cert` and `cluster_cert_key`: _(Required)_ Certificate/key pair used for mTLS between
```

> CP/DP nodes.  Under `shared` mode should be the same certificate for CP/DP nodes,
> under `pki` mode they should be unique per node, but generated from the same CA.
> *Required*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CP/DP nodes.  In `shared` mode, the certificates should be the same for all CP/DP 
nodes. In `pki` mode, the certificates should be unique to each node, but generated 
from the same CA.
```

> - `cluster_ca_cert`: The trusted CA certificate file in PEM format used to verify
> the `cluster_cert`. *Required* when `cluster_mtls` is set to `pki`, *ignored* otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster_ca_cert`: The trusted CA certificate file used to verify the 
`cluster_cert`, in PEM format. *Required* when `cluster_mtls` is set to `pki`, 
*ignored* otherwise.
```

> - `cluster_server_name`: The Server Name used in the DP/CP TLS handshake. If

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- `cluster_server_name`: The SNI Server Name used in the DP/CP TLS handshake. If
```

> - `cluster_server_name`: The Server Name used in the DP/CP TLS handshake. If

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `cluster_server_name`: The Server Name used in the CP/DP mTLS handshake. If
```
For consistency.

`cluster_mtls` is set to `shared`, `cluster_server_name` defaults to `kong_clustering`,

> *required* when `cluster_mtls` is set to `pki` and must match the Common Name (CN) or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `cluster_mtls` is set to `pki`, this property is *required* and must match the Common Name (CN) or
```

> Subject Alternative Name (SAN) of the CP node cetificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subject Alternative Name (SAN) of the CP node certificate.
```
